hello youtube here the team 29
bringing it is a new video and today we are going
to review what is the installation of
g7 for the ipad2
let's go with the intro
to
well from the computer we will see
that we have the ipad2 with the ios 6 points
1.3 we need as a first measure
have our device in the last
operating system that has left for
him at this time as you know the
17 is available only for
developers but we can install it
in this way we also need the ios
7 the ip is double that we will be able to
download from a page that I'm going to
leave here in the description once
we have this let's see itunes
from our pc we are going to need to have
press the shift key and click
Well, what is it to look for?
update or from a mac we're going to
need to press the control key and
We are going to click on
look for update once we do
this is going to open a window in the
what are we going to look for the operating system
that we download now asks us
confirm if we want to update you
We update and begins what
the software extraction here is
delay to a few minutes but let's go
to advance a bit the video in this
point is already finishing extracting what
what is the software and we will continue to
which is the next step that is the
verification of the update and
prepare the ipad to update
and all those steps that we are going to omit
we go something that interests us that when
is already finishing the operation in this
point already begins as such the
software update then
let's wait for it to finish loading
all the update and we're seeing in
real time what is happening in
our good ipad is verifying what
which is the ipad software in some
instants will be removed and what is the
ipad recognition of our
computer and let's move on to follow the
video on the ipad to perform the
respective installation of all
configurations already on the ipad we are
with the welcome screen and we're going
now to proceed to what is the
configuration of the device as such and
then let's unlock this
we open as it already appears that the
update is complete we give in
continue
allows us to ask us to activate the
location I'm going to deactivate it
ok let's continue now at this point
I will omit what is the
air configuration and apo and no
I want any kind of block in the
device then let's see that already
we have installed what is ios 7 in
our ipad we check the control
center and here is perfect let's see
now what is the center of
notifications and we moved a bit the
camera but it was perfect just like what
which is year 7 for other devices
this has been all for this video it
dismiss the x29 if you liked the
like video and can also
subscribe see you in a next
video by
if you have books about this or another
news you can enter my blog and there
you will find more detailed information
about each one of the videos of this
channel the link you can find it in the
description